I can keep up with you hey I'm Laura
Whitmore and welcome to Somerset House
home of the London Fashion Week and
tonight home with a launch were very
glamorous new brand called definitions
now definitions is the new label from
very Dakota UK and to celebrate this we
have invited some very stylish and some
very glamorous cats
they'll be catching up with some of
these guests in a vest and of course we
have a very talented lady by name of
Vienna Havas who's taken a break from
over a festival fun to join us for an
acoustic set so run away for a slow
inside
Donaire how are you I'm very well I
think looking gorgeous as always thank
you you're very kind to you very much
what is your definition of style
how would you define us I think so if
initiative style has been true to
yourself really I think everybody's
style is still different not to conform
not to follow this school is what feels
right what's your definition of style I
think that style should be well I like
to look really feminine and cute and
girly I think it should be whatever you
however you want to dress and so I like
how you can wear girly dress one day and
then we're like her trial to suit the
next day and I just think it's really
fun fashion style should be fun yeah it
definitely should be kind of definition
do something struck me out a bow and I
just think yeah
I'm joined by the stunning Millie
Mackintosh Melly how are you I'm very
well thank you
what would be your definition of style
for me it's kind of like that Kate Moss
like just always like a bit disheveled
but still together at the same time like
plastic tailoring I'm still a bit sexy
and thrown together like you've been out
all night partying look as though you
don't really care but you do secretly
care yeah and it probably took like
three hours to go
and our entertainment for this evening
Lianne La Havas how are you I'm fine how
are you I'm good not too bad I have to
ask you what is your definition of style
very nice um I think well my personal
definition of style has a lot to do with
your own personality coming out and it's
the way you wear things and I'd quite
like to have a natural element along
with kind of a smart element so I've
decided to leave my hair wild for
example and go for a kind of more sleep
it is